A61 update: fix ring_hash proactive connection attempt logic (#475)
grpc/proposal: A61-IPv4-IPv6-dualstack-backends.md

once it reports TRANSIENT_FAILURE, and in some cases even when it
reports CONNECTING, due to the failover timer in the priority policy.
Because it reports TRANSIENT_FAILURE when only two endpoints are failing
(see aggregation rule 2 in [gRFC A42][A42]) and CONNECTING when only
one endpoint is reporting TRANSIENT_FAILURE (see aggregation rule 4 in
[gRFC A42][A42]), this means that the priority policy could fail over to
the next priority when the ring_hash policy is only attempting a small
number of subchannels.  This would effectively cause the client to assume
that all of the ring_hash subchannels are unreachable when in fact only
a small number of them are, and it would never try any of the others,
thus never recovering from that incorrect assumption.  To work around
this, when the aggregated connectivity state is either TRANSIENT_FAILURE
or CONNECTING, the ring_hash policy proactively triggers connection
attempts across all of the subchannels, even without seeing any picks.
This ensures that if any of the subchannels become reachable, ring_hash
will eventually report READY, and the priority policy will switch back
to using the ring_hash child.

> The current logic for these connection attempts tries very hard to avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic proposed in [A42] for these connection attempts tries very hard to avoid
```

Author: Done, with slightly different wording.
